hi girls then we are synonymous in
part we have
a picnic because today it came out
this beautiful sun is by god yes
could also be short-sleeved e
I wanted to take advantage of this beautiful
panorama to let you see the look a little
since day i'm wearing in
practically every day such as york
because we really walk a lot
then from morning to evening then
casual and comfortable and almost occult
I took all the clothes in a
shop that I discovered by chance a
given day if you saw the block
I would know what rate this store has
some very nice things some a lot
details and also low enough
cost because the prices are those of doing
died in to one so then I put it
this is this kind of sweater like that
or transparent very light gray then
these pants also between these from
mind in an alleged store and me
they liked it so much for all of these
tears on the thighs and another thing
very pretty in the back pocket
left there are all these studs
golden and too cute too
and underneath these sports shoes
the bone that I am not very good at
heels aren't even dancers
on sports shoes though
then when you travel you have to be
also because here especially a
and my france sucks
all this video
when especially when new york la
it is beautiful to walk
so much to get lost in the whites
because we have so many beautiful things
we saw that we worried
and so around by chance going into the
where we should not have gone
so really be walking
lot all day around the
day from morning to evening then
sports shoes are the only choice
the only choice I have of these in
these days these trips and how many
this is also tactics
these many who have always taken that
shop with all these stars
let's try though
in the case you take some fresh cases
pull a little cool because I'm al
cold lona crazy and the cute thing about
this is what we do
and that in front
or
and basically this is a bit and everything
the out today is extremely high
simple and very very comfortable
the inevitable glasses and of course
obviously the usual black bag that though
always for convenience
so we believe nothing of us now
let's do we hate our g20 stops
we have vaccinated feet
I can also see some down
photo because it is beautiful there is this view
spectacular of manhattan this is the
throat there is a bridge and this is wonderful
part is not a wonder at all
maybe it is
and it will not be imposed that I prefer
of
new york what a horn you hear here
we are
very close to the city but barely
going a little further they heard
plus nothing all very much
nothing so I salute you I send you a
big face and see you next
video
I have already given the ok